for many car buyers the brand holds more
important than the model the three
pointed star of mercedes-benz is often
seen as a status symbol in four years
those brand oriented car buyers have
flocked to the c-class to forever cement
their title as luxury car buyers even if
just barely buy true luxury standards
[Music]
now it's time for the fourth iteration
of Mercedes's volume selling and I got
to drive it for two 90s alternative and
grunge filled days through the city with
its own sound Seattle Washington
[Music]
the new c-class has grown up from his
days as the baby fans
now that the CLA is kind of taken over
that role the c-class can kind of grow
into a new role and it has grown
physically it's up almost four inches in
overall length
we've got more rear seat legroom which
is always nice for a tall person like me
but it has lost some weight it's down
about 200 pounds that's mainly due to
the use of a lot of aluminum it's also
got two new engines the c300 gets the
four-cylinder the 2-liter turbo you get
241 horsepower which is pretty decent
power my personal favorite engine is the
C 400 engine and that is the v6
twin-turbo you're getting well over 300
horsepower there and a lot of torque now
first for this segment is aromatics so
air suspension hasn't been seen the
second before but now it's an option
here on the c-class so what that does
you can dial in more comfort or
stiffness as you see fit if you be in
comfort mode and that would be a softer
suspension more for cruising highway
driving things like that order up the
sport or Sport+ it tightens things up
makes it more flat I think the sweet
spot is the sport mode all of these
agility modes come standard even if you
opt out of aromatic and we'll adjust
steering effort as well as throttle
response and engine mapping also
standard is a new touch pad which works
similar to your smartphone if a bit
slower 39,000 $325.00 will get you into
a rear-wheel drive seat 300 with
all-wheel drive costing two grand more
the C 400 comes as 4matic only and
starts at a tad below fifty thousand
fuel economy for the 400 with a v6
twin-turbo is 22 city 29 highway and
after a full day of driving through
mountainous terrain I saw about 24 as of
now we're still waiting on official
numbers for the four-cylinder C 300 so
keep it tuned to Moto e for those and
much more in the coming weeks
you
[Music]